the chef is going to prepare a yellowfin
tuna and salmon sashimi plate both of
these items are from Catalina offshore
products the first fish you will prepare
is the yellowfin make sure your knife is
as sharp as possible to get the cleanest
cuts first you want to slice the sinew
line off of the fish the sinew is the
thin white strip of the fish which can
be very elastic and texture to slice
this off you want to start your cut
right above the sea new line and run
your knife all the way through while
staying above the line the bottom
portion of the fish can be used to make
spicy tuna this is done by covering the
piece of fish with plastic wrap and then
pounding out the loin and scraping it
with a spoon across a flat surface the
chef is now going to cut the large piece
of fish into three loins he marks the
fish where he will make the horizontal
cuts once he has three loins he starts
to slice them up into optimal size
sashimi pieces again make sure your
knife is very sharp in order to achieve
the most precise cuts he makes six
pieces of tuna that will be placed on
the sashimi plate next the chef is going
to prepare the salmon this fish comes
deboned and with the skin already cut
off the salmon consists of two main
parts
the shoulder piece is good for a nigiri
dish before this sashimi plate you want
to use the belly part of the salmon as
it is a more fatty part of the fish the
belly portion also has a buttery texture
which makes a great tasting by itself
the chef starts by cutting the belly of
the salmon 2 thin slices you want to
make sure to cut against the grain you
could serve the sashimi slices in many
different ways
here the chef demonstrates a flower
technique used in high-class sushi bars
he takes three thin slices of the salmon
and lines them up vertically with their
edges slightly overlapping then he rolls
the top piece of the salmon into the
other slices this technique creates a
beautiful rose made of salmon that even
a novice can easily achieve the Rose
will be the centrepiece of the dish he
places the remaining salmon slices along
with the yellow fin slices on the plate
these sushi me feast is our place on top
of the shredded carrots to produce a
nice appetizing shape to the fish the
chef then garnishes with green onions
for the final touch the chef uses a
couple of different sauces to complete
the dish the first one is a chili
infused sesame sauce to add a sweet and
spicy flavor the second sauce is a
cilantro jalapeno infused garlic oil
these sauce is sure to add a lot of
exotic flavors but they also combined to
give the dish and overall unmatched
elegance